### Three things we need from the Celtics in Game 2 of the Eastern Conference Finals vs the Heat?

##### 1) Get Healthy
__Marcus Smart__ looks probable to play through a foot strain and will have to cover defensively for an absent Derrick White.
Who knows how avoiding injury will weigh on Marcus as he plays with his usual reckless abandon. \\
__Al Horford__ (upgraded from "Doubtful" to "Quesitonable") needs to be cleared from COVID protocol. Horford's exact COVID status
has never been publicly acknowledged. \\
__Rob Williams__ needs to play himself into shape, but the high-flyer makes every fan wince any time he lands or falls awkwardly. \\
__Sam Hauser__, yet to be a meaningful contributor to these Celtics, remains out when the Celtics could use the guard depth. \\
__Jaylen Brown__, without any truly recent injury designations, continues to work on his hamstring, and looks a bit less explosive
than we are accustomed to seeing in the last 4 games. \

__WHOLE TEAM__: everyone looked exhausted Tuesday following a grueling 7-game series with the Bucks... exhaustion leads to injury,
lets hope the Cs got a full 8 hours Wednesday night

##### 2) No more PG Tatum
Tatum's Q3 meltdown in Game 1 has been harped on, but Tatum has never looked comfortable to my as an initiator of offensive sets for
others. Starting sets with a simple dribble-hand-off could keep the Heat defenders from locking in on Tatum early.

##### 3) Use Rob in the PnR
Miami help defenders are jamming the Celtics' action consistently. Put Rob in the pick-and-roll to force Bam Adebayo to come trap 
the ball handler or hang back with Rob the lob threat. If the second defender comes up, lob for 2. If they stick to the roll man, 
Tatum or Brown should have no problem getting points against a single defender.
